Update communication-team.md (#1549)
xsf/xmpp.org: content/about/xsf/communication-team.md

---

The Communication Team's mission is to inform the XMPP community and interested parties on news and recent developments within XMPP ecosystem.
Furthermore, with communication and expansion of our public relations we also attempt to be an instance of reference in the diverse and decentralized community.

> This should help to growth the network and its application, too.

Reviewer: These can be removed, they don't add value here.

Author: 7f075c85a5e32f771d686c8355bf6420587dc1a6

feel free to merge now

## Team and Channels
The team consists of the following members:

{{< teams team_name="commteam">}}

Our current media channels are:

//TODO: Footer.html

> ## Adding your resource to the Planet Jabber RSS feed:
> See [Planet Jabber](https://planet.jabber.org/). The maintainer of this Planet is Ralph Meijer. He can be contacted at ralphm@ik.nu (Jabber and e-mail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## News Aggregator

There is a news aggregator (RSS) for Jabber/XMPP news at [planet.jabber.org](https://planet.jabber.org/).

If you like, add your feed by contacting the maintainer, Ralph Meijer (ralphm@ik.nu Jabber and email).
```

## Contact

> If you want to communicate with us, the best way is to reach us in our chat group:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reach us in our chat:
```

{{< community-chat-card chat="XSF Communications" >}}

Find our [wiki page](https://wiki.xmpp.org/web/CommTeam) here.

> =======

Reviewer: Remove
